_...just a goddamn caveman...._

He awoke with a start and looked around briefly. It was dark outside. There was a steering wheel in front of him. The car wasn't moving. The lights on the dash weren't familiar, but it had been a weird old dream. Risks of a stakeout, same as it ever was. He peered more carefully out of the windscreen. The building opposite was barely lit. There was some neon on the street, but not too much.
"Must have drifted off for a second there, Pete. Did I miss anything?"
"Pete's not here, Dave."
Dave flushed with adrenaline. The voice wasn't Pete's, obviously, but it hadn't come from the passenger seat. It hadn't exactly come from the back seats either. He tried to reach for his sidearm, but he was stuck somehow. He tried to twist in his seat to get a good view of whoever was talking to him, but he couldn't manage that either.
Had this guy tied him down somehow? How long had he been out for? Where the hell was Pete?
"Sorry, Dave. I should have known you'd react bad. You're not in any danger."
Dave relaxed instantly, which panicked him worse. There was no way he should relax now. He was still tied down, or whatever it was, he still didn't have a visual on the other dude and there was no way he was taking the word of someone he'd never seen that he wasn't in danger while he was on a stakeout in an odd part of town.
And yet, he felt the waves of calm pulse through his body. His mind throbbed with the effort of trying to remain on edge.
"What have you done with Pete? And who are you?"
"I'm your new partner, you might say. Sorry to tell you like this, but, Pete's dead."
Pete couldn't be dead. Whoever this was was lying. Dave managed to turn his head. The passenger seat was empty. He checked in the rearview and the back seats were empty. Whoever this was was... talking through the radio? But there was no static from the handset. There was no handset.
"Pete can't be dead. You're lying. Who the hell are you? And why can't I move?"
"Detective Olaf Petersen died in a house raid on October 30th, 1982," the voice said. To confirm this, a panel in the dashboard lit up with an image of Pete's file photo and his date of birth, and right under that, date of death. Dave could suddenly see his hands in the glow of the screen, and knew his face must have been the same.
"Shut that off, I'm lit up like a bonfire!"
The car went dark again.
"You haven't answered my questions," Dave said. But then he saw the door of the building they were apparently watching open and a man ran out with a bundle under one arm.
Dave reacted immediately. He didn't recognise this guy, but he was clearly the perp. Before Dave had had a chance to move, the car switched on, headlights pinning the perp againt the front of the building for a split second before he took off running. Theengine kicked in and the car accelerated smoothly in pursuit. Dave panicked again -- he wasn't driving. He still couldn't lift his hands to the wheel, couldn't get his feet on the pedals, but the car sped up to follow the running man. He kept the bundle under one arm as he dodged signposts and hydrants and parked cars, but there was no alley for him to escape into. He must have expected a shot, or for the cop to jump out and tackle him, but he kept running, and the car kept pace until a gap let the car swing close. The door gullwinged open and caught him under his right shoulder. He sprawled across the pavement, the bundle unrolling and revealing a stash of vialled drugs.
Dave looked down out of the open door. He wanted to jump out and cuff the dealer, maybe bang him against a wall to make him think twice about running from the police, but he still couldn't move.
As he watched, paralysed, a foam jetted out of the open doorframe and covered the perp and the drugs. Then the car ejected a badge so it stuck in the foam, before it hardened in the dark night air and glued him to the pavement. The car shut the door and drove off down the street.
