"So are you going to answer some questions now," Dave asked when the car had left the city and started down what passed for the highway in this part of the world, wherever that was.
"I will answer your questions, of course."
Dave tried to work out which one to start with. The questions all pressed to the front of his mind.
"*Why* can't I move, dammit?" he asked.
"The raid that killed Pete, you took a bullet through the neck."
"Don't call him Pete. I can call him Pete, I worked with him for 5 years. You call him Detective Petersen until I figure out you've got the right to call him Pete. And while we're there, who are you? You're driving the car, what is it, remote control?"
"OK Dave, I understand. And no, it's not remote control, but I am driving the car."
"So where are you?"
"I am the car."
"You *are* the car? You're gonna have to try me again with that one."
The empty countryside kept rolling past in the darkness outside the windows as Dave stared ahead. There wasn't much glow from any local  cities, sothe stars were out.
I'm an Automated Civic and Community Car, or AC3. Some people call me Ace.
Ace, huh? Knew an Ace once. He was OK, I guess, for a showy shit. You're the car?
Yes, Dave
Nope, that doesn't make sense to me. Never mind, Ace. We just leaving that perp on the floor covered in foam? Feels bad not to book a dealer like that.
He's already been picked up and processed by patrol. The badge I embedded in the foam restraint had a tag which they were able to home in on. He is currently in a cell awaiting trial.
No shit? Homing tag? Restraining foam? Talking car? What the hell year is this?
2042.
Hell you say.
The road passed in silence for a while.
Pete's been dead 60 years?
Yes.
Where have *I* been for 60 years then?
Where do you think?
I guess a coma, if anything you've said is true. How am I alive? Damn. 2042? Im 93 years old?  What the hell do I do?
You were a cop, right? Be a cop now.
I got a choice? Not like I can run away, paralyzed old cripple as I am. I don't even know where the hell we are. Where are we, anyway, Ace?
South Dakota, more or less.
South Dakota?
More or less.
Damn, I wish I could swap places with Pete about now.

